So let's make add product work again
and for this we'll not use the user anymore
but instead here before we use then, we'll re-use that
so no need to delete it, before we do that
we'll use our product model. So I'll create a new product constant by initialising product again and here,
I will simply pass title, price, description and the image url, so we'll pass all that data into the
constructor of the product.
Then on this product, I can call save and then here to call then, I'll go into my model again and I will
return this here,
so I'll return my collection and then this entire command chain because that will allow me to well treat
this overall as a promise and chain then thereafter
and then therefore also redirect.
So now with that if I save that and I go back to the form and resubmit that, I'm actually redirected
to a page which is not found because I commented out all the shop pages
but if we go back to our server side console, we see something interesting.
We see that this here has to be the output of this console log line in the product model where I print
the result of the insert operation and there, we see a lot of data about that operation
and for us important, if we scroll down to the bottom, we see one document was inserted.
It received an ID and such an ID is managed automatically by mongodb because every document
needs to have such a _id,
this is a must have and mongodb creates it on the fly automatically if the object you entered
does not have it,
so we'll use that auto-generated ID
and then you see the data which we entered also was stored.
So whilst we can't look into database yet because we're not fetching anything,
we see that our insert one operation was successful and did successfully add a product into the collection
which is of course amazing.